Add docs and api-docs info for gcp replication locations sync, github environments, github organizations beta, and add sys/activation-flags page (#28463)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/sync/github.mdx

  ```
  $ vault write sys/sync/destinations/gh/hcrepo-sandbox       \
      access_token="github_pat_11ABC000000000000000000000DEF" \
      secrets_location="repository"                           \
      repository_owner="hashicorp"                            \
      repository_name="hcrepo"                                \
      environment_name="sandbox"

  Key                   Value
  ---                   -----
  connection_details    map[access_token:***** secrets_location:repository environment_name:sandbox repository_owner:hashicorp repository_name:hcrepo]
  name                  hcrepo-sandbox
  type                  gh
  ```

  </CodeBlockConfig>

### Organizations

@include 'alerts/beta.mdx'

Organization secrets allow for secrets to be shared by an organization across many of its repositories. Various subsets of repositories

> within the org can be configured to have access to the secrets synced by the destination. The choices for repos within the org are all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
within the organization can be configured to have access to the secrets synced by the destination. The choices for repos within the organization are all
```

Maybe we should not abbreviate here?

  ```
  $ vault write sys/sync/destinations/gh/hcrepo-sandbox       \
      access_token="github_pat_11ABC000000000000000000000DEF" \
      secrets_location="repository"                           \
      repository_owner="hashicorp"                            \
      repository_name="hcrepo"                                \
      environment_name="sandbox"

  Key                   Value
  ---                   -----
  connection_details    map[access_token:***** secrets_location:repository environment_name:sandbox repository_owner:hashicorp repository_name:hcrepo]
  name                  hcrepo-sandbox
  type                  gh
  ```

  </CodeBlockConfig>

### Organizations

@include 'alerts/beta.mdx'

<Note title="Beta limitation">

Organization secrets are currently in **beta**. The `organization_visibility` and `selected_repository_names` fields cannot
be updated after a destination is created. We are looking into allowing these fields to be changed at any time post-creation.

</Note>

> Organization secrets allow for secrets to be shared by an organization across many of its repositories. Various subsets of repositories
> within the organization can be configured to have access to the secrets synced by the destination. The choices for repos within the organization are all
> repositories, all private repositories, or a list of selected repositories. See the [API docs](/vault/docs/sync/github#api) for more information regarding configuration.
> Be aware that organization secrets are [not visible to private repositories for GitHub Free accounts](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-for-github-actions/security-guides/using-secrets-in-github-actions#creating-secrets-for-an-organization).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sync secrets to GitHub organization to share those secrets across repositories 
in the organizations. You choose to make secrets global to the organization,
limited to private/internal repos, or limited to specifically named repositories.

Refer to the [Secrets sync API docs](/vault/docs/sync/github#api) for detailed
configuration information.

<Warning>

  Organization secrets are
  [not visible to private repositories for GitHub Free accounts](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-for-github-actions/security-guides/using-secrets-in-github-actions#creating-secrets-for-an-organization).

</Warning>
```

Style correction: write in active voice
